yo guys get a little more info for you
here we're just going back to that whole
audio segment where Rick top and is
taking over Samuel and for some reason I
didn't even look at this when I was
editing the last video that was in the
next game but in this current game as
soon as as soon as Richthofen takes over
look at what you get you have a perk and
it looks very much like mule kick but
it's it's not mule kick it's better than
meal kit you'll see in a second also we
got the fire sale and you see we're
killing some zombies and we got got an
insta-kill the insta kill is going to go
away the fire sale does not we have
permanent fire sale oh my god so every
single box location has a box the box
doesn't move and you can pull a gun for
10 points so I here I'm gonna go to the
box and I'm like that first like dude
come on don't move the box and I'm like
oh yeah it's fire sale we got the box
box isn't gonna move it's just gonna
stay there it's at every location so the
thing is okay so watch this milking this
is like super mule kick or like super
duper amazing awesome mule kick it's not
only three guns yeah you can have four
guns more guns for guns of epicness you
can run this area with four guns of
epicness and again you do gun who cares
10 points boom you got a new gun what
the hell you get running like like what
I was doing in the livestream a lot
running in front of that jail cell area
we don't need the chalk we don't need to
put the pdw-57 or any other gun on the ?
we got this we got this come on
seriously we're not overpowered enough
and if you do get down you keep that
perk you keep that that meal kick plus
let's call mule kick plus okay you keep
that perk you don't lose it and the fire
sale just dis last the whole you know
the whole time you have it it's like
permanent now there are only a couple of
problems with this we went in and start
a new game cuz
wanted to record you know my perspective
when somebody else was Samuel I wanted
to see that whole ending cutscene or
audio segment again with richtofen and
Samuel well we can't do it again it
doesn't exist anymore and our perks gone
we don't get the perk and we don't get
the fire sir it's only from one game
it's only for that game that game that
you can go in you don't have to complete
the ice easter egg and then go in we
started a new game and then went to that
panel and then activated it and we got
the perk and we got the the permit you
know the permanent fire sale but then
when we backed out and went to another
game it's gone but that's not the only
thing that's gone when we go back to our
world map and I didn't even show it in
the previous video but the when I went
to the world map after we completed
Richthofen side all these segments were
lit up blue and had the the Blue
Lightning coming out of it so all three
of them now it's gone live business
basically going into that ending scene
that ending audio clip or segment clears
your entire easter egg progress for all
three maps done we don't have any
completed now we you know we're done
with rick top and it just reset
everything so we got to go back we got
to go back now in transit die rise and
buried and doom axis and then when we do
the Maxis and n scene or end segment
we're going to lose it all over again so
I'm thinking again your progress doesn't
matter for dlc for dlc for is going to
be entirely new i'm hoping they close
the story on the old old characters we
see Dempsey Nikolai and and and Tokyo
come back and they closed that part of
the whole storyline and who knows what
they're going to do with the the new
characters misty marlton rust man and
Stu linger but quite interesting and I
mean we didn't know and I feel bad and I
want to you know I want to take this
time to thank mafia farm and lost dark
heart lost a dark dark heart for joining
us and upon us that you guys lost your
easter egg program you know your easter
egg indications as well but hey we got
the cutscene and we kind of wasted that
game because we backed out of it and we
lost you know the the four gun /
the the meal kick plus and the
permanence fire sale but which isn't so
permanent permanent for that game so
yeah that's it and there's no indication
also that the towers lit up when we went
and checked this tower that's the same
tower and it was lit had the blue sparks
instead of the orange for Rick topping
so yeah we've it's like it we haven't
completed an Easter eggs on any of the
black ops 2 maps sad face but that's it
that's all we got for now a bunch of the
things that we're gonna do on the map
obviously in the coming days but yeah
we're we're done with this easter egg
stuff uh you know it's also time we
going to transit die rise in back to
buried and finish max's again right oh
god thanks for everybody yeah that's
that came out and have been watching the
videos in the live stream really
appreciate it that's it for now spider
out hey guys got some other stuff you
might be interested in over on the left
hand side we got the ngt let's play
we're doing playthroughs right now
currently of Deadpool and borderlands 2
tiny tina's assault on dragon keep both
are actually absolutely fantastic games
and portland sue being dlc but hilarious
so go check that out subscribe if you
like the content over on the right hand
side we're doing clash of clans
continuing our series there again just a
completely addictive and fantastic
multiplayer game we got a clan going on
we got some attack strategies we got
base defense and building strategies so
make sure you go check out those videos
and subscribe otherwise hey enjoyed the
Buried coverage i hope you like it
twitch.tv / NextGenTactics room be here
all day july second later
you